Add multiple tutorial pages covering the "Registration" material from the SCT course (#3094)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/registration_multimodal.rst

.. _registration-multimodal:

> now that you have registered your anatomical data, the next obvious step is to also register another image that was aquired during the same session (e.g. dti, mt image) the way you do that is by registering your <> data to the anatomical data that was aquired during the same session, then you would concatenate the warping fields. warping between anatomical <-> template, and the metric <-> anatomical. if you concatenate the two then you have a single transformation between the template and the metric. because it is a bijective warping field you also have the metric/template transofrmation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have registered your anatomical data, the next obvious step is to also register another image (let's call it "qMRI scan") that was acquired during the same session (e.g. DWI, MT, fMRI images). The way you do that is by registering your qMRI scan with the anatomical data, then you would concatenate the warping fields (a.k.a. transformation): the anatomical <-> template transformations and the qMRI <-> anatomical transformations. Note that the sign "<->" implies that there are two transformations: the forward (->) and the backward (<-). After the concatenation you end up with two warping fields: template -> qMRI and qMRI -> template. 
```

> and once you have that, you can bring the template objects (atlas, wm tracts) inside the subject space and then you can quantify mtr, f8, etc. in various wm tracts. and you can also take advantage of the automatic vertebral labeling and you can compute an average csa between t2 and t5 for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And once you have that, you can bring the template objects (atlas, WM tracts, etc.) inside the subject space and then you can extract your qMRI metrics in desired tracts or masks. You can also take advantage of the automatic vertebral labeling to restrain the superior-inferior coverage for the metric extraction. Example: computing fractional anisotropy in the dorsal column between C3 and C7. 
```

Registration (Multimodal)
#########################

.. code:: sh

   cd ../mt

> Segment mt data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment MT data
```

***************

.. code:: sh

   sct_deepseg_sc -i mt1.nii.gz -c t2 -qc ~/qc_singleSubj

Create a mask
*************

.. code:: sh

   sct_create_mask -i mt1.nii.gz -p centerline,mt1_seg.nii.gz -size 35mm -f cylinder -o mask_mt1.nii.gz

> Register mt0 on mt1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register MT0 on MT1
```
